Qi Yi, did you spread the rumor?
I'm doing this for you
for me
Girls like guys who are better than themselves
If something goes wrong with Ge Yue, you won't be above her
I don't need your help.
Take care of yourself for me
Ge Yue is not finished with you
You had something to do last night
Sorry for being late
Well, forget it when the time has passed.
What are you going to do now?
What are you doing? Don't you want to go further with Ge Yue?
I want to, but what is it? But if you are Ge Yue, it will belong to someone else.
Look at that duckling matching Ge Yue every day is very easy, in case they are sincere?
Where are you going to cry?
I agree with this.
Then what shall I do?
Romance requires candles
Girls with flowers like this
I think so.
You have to have the momentum to show him your determination
So you can prepare these two boxes.
I'm going to take it
Ah
Stand for me
The boss let me know he was nosy
Otherwise, we'll wave together. I've been beating you for days, and I finally caught you today.
What are you talking about? I don't know!
You are dragging me to call someone, are you shouting?
See if you call people fast or I'm all fast
Your people, help me
Mom, are you really shouting?
Who kicked me, I, Liu Wang, are you fine?
Stop me while I'm hurt, right?
Let's go